Embedchain + Mistral Streamlit chatbot (#1017)
embedchain/embedchain: docs/integration/streamlit-mistral.mdx

---
title: '🚀 Streamlit'

> description: 'Integrate with Streamlit to plug and play with any open source LLMs'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Integrate with Streamlit to plug and play with any LLM'
```

                with st.chat_message("assistant"):
                    msg_placeholder = st.empty()
                    msg_placeholder.markdown("Thinking...")
                    full_response = ""

                    for response in app.chat(prompt):
                        msg_placeholder.empty()
                        full_response += response

                    msg_placeholder.markdown(full_response)
                    st.session_state.messages.append({"role": "assistant", "content": full_response})
            ```
        </Tab>
        <Tab title="config.yaml">
        ```yaml
            app:
            config:
                name: 'mistral-streamlit-app'

            llm:
            provider: huggingface
            config:
                model: 'mistralai/Mistral-7B-v0.1'
                temperature: 0.1
                max_tokens: 250
                top_p: 0.1
                stream: true

            embedder:
            provider: huggingface
            config:
                model: 'sentence-transformers/all-mpnet-base-v2'
        ```
        </Tab>
    </Tabs>
</Accordion>

## Try it out!

> TODO: Embed the deployed streamlit app here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
